amp up your productivity get a modus
fast the new modus system from snap-on
puts tremendous diagnostic firepower at
your fingertips talk about speed inside
motifs a wicked fast ARM processor
delivers ferocious performance see it
clearly the new generation full VGA
display provides unmatched clarity even
in bright sunlight power up new
intelligent battery charging makes the
power of motors last longer so you can
diagnose more vehicles get it done in
the rough-and-tumble world of diagnosing
vehicles motus out shoots the
competition no other handheld diagnostic
platform compares to modus for speed
power and ease of use you'll start with
the unfair advantage of notices
legendary scan tool coverage and
instrumentation retrieve codes review
data and perform system tests for over
30 makes with superior capture and
graphing functions with the fast-track
troubleshooter software you benefit from
the experience of other technicians it's
all right there
code and symptom tips code set
conditions expected parameter values and
much more the lab scope inside motifs
features four channels for comparing
multiple signals and an advanced
ignition scope
FastTrack component tests harnessed the
advanced lab scope and DB om motifs
guides you through and the meter and lab
scope settings are pre-configured to
give you the best waveforms and readings
farm yourself with the new Lotus and
blazed through Diagnostics get the facts
at snap on.com slash modus better yet
get right down to business
talk to your snap-on representative
about motifs today